_pages/downloads.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Downloads
permalink: /downloads/
---

## CV

- [Full academic CV, as of August 2019](/assets/docs/smithcvfull.pdf)
- [Resume](/assets/docs/pwsmithresume.pdf)

## Publications

#### Books

- [Morphology-Semantics Mismatches and the Nature of Grammatical Features](https://www.degruyter.com/view/product/510725).<br>Coming soon, De Gruyter.
- [Agree to Agree: Agreement in the Minimalist Programme](https://langsci-press.org/catalog/book/254)<br>Language Science Press

#### Dissertation

- [Feature Mismatches: Consequences for Syntax, Morphology and Semantics](/assets/docs/smith_feature_mismatches.pdf) <br> (book coming soon...)

#### Peer Reviewed

Below, click on the title of the paper for a pre-publication, but finished version.
If the paper is available open-access, that link will take you to the published version.
If the publication is *not* freely available, click the venue link to go to the published version.

- [Case and number suppletion in pronouns](/assets/docs/smith_et_al_case_number.pdf)<br> [Natural Language and Linguistic Theory 37(3), 1029-1101](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11049-018-9425-0), with Beata Moskal, Ting Xu, Jungmin Kang and Jonathan Bobaljik
- [Object agreement and grammatical functions: A re-evaluation](https://langsci-press.org/catalog/view/254/2088/1777-1)<br>In Smith, Mursell and Hartmann (eds.) [*Agree to Agree: Agreement in the Minimalist Programme*](https://langsci-press.org/catalog/book/254), Language Science Press.
- [The status of heads in morphology](/assets/docs/MoskalSmith-HeadsFinal.pdf)<br> with Beata Moskal, [Oxford Research Encyclopedias in Linguistics](https://oxfordre.com/linguistics/view/10.1093/acrefore/9780199384655.001.0001/acrefore-9780199384655-e-583)<br>
- [Subject and non-subject ex-situ focus in Dagbani](https://www.glossa-journal.org/articles/10.5334/gjgl.664/)<br>Glossa: A Journal of General Linguistics, 5(1), 4.
- [The syntax of semantic agreement in English](/assets/docs/smith_the_syntax_of_semantic_agreement.pdf) <br> [Journal of Linguistics 53(4), 823-863](https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022226716000360)
- [Lexical plurals in Telugu: Mass nouns in disguise](/assets/docs/smith_mass_nouns_in_disguise.pdf) <br>[Lingvisticæ Investigationes 39(2), 234-252](https://benjamins.com/#catalog/journals/li.39.2/toc)
- [Towards a theory without adjacency: Hyper-Contextual VI-rules](/assets/docs/moskal_smith_adjacency.pdf)<br>[Morphology 26(3-4), 295-312](http://link.springer.com/journal/11525/26/3/page/1), with Beata Moskal



#### Proceedings
- [Feature conflicts, feature resolution and the structure of *either...or*](/assets/docs/smith_et_al_either_or.pdf)<br>with Beata Moskal, Katharina Hartmann and Zheng Shen, The Proceedings of SinFonIJA X.
- [Pronominal suppletion: number and case](/assets/docs/smith_et_al_pronominal_suppletion.pdf)<br>with Beata Moskal, Jungmin Kang, Ting Xu and Jonathan Bobaljik, The Proceedings of NELS 45
- [Count-mass nouns, inherent number and the unmasking of an imposter](/assets/docs/smith_count_mass_nouns.pdf)<br>The Proceedings of the 50th Chicago Linguistics Society
- [On the cross-linguistic rarity of endoclisis](/assets/docs/smith_endoclisis_rarity.pdf)<br>The Proceedings of Berkeley Linguistics Society 39
- [Collective (dis)agreement: On a 3/4 pattern of British English collective NPs](/assets/docs/smith_collective_disagreement_paper.pdf)<br> [The Proceedings of ConSOLE XX](http://media.leidenuniv.nl/legacy/console20-proceedings-smith.pdf)

#### Drafts

- [Non-peripheral cliticisation in Udi and Sorani Kurdish](/assets/docs/smith_non_peripheral_cliticization.pdf)<br>N.B.: Forget what the pdf says, it's no longer under review at NLLT...

Commit message:

added draft of dm-minimalism

_pages/downloads.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Downloads
permalink: /downloads/
---

## CV

- [Full academic CV, as of August 2019](/assets/docs/smithcvfull.pdf)
- [Resume](/assets/docs/pwsmithresume.pdf)

## Publications

#### Books

- [Morphology-Semantics Mismatches and the Nature of Grammatical Features](https://www.degruyter.com/view/product/510725).<br>Coming soon, De Gruyter.
- [Agree to Agree: Agreement in the Minimalist Programme](https://langsci-press.org/catalog/book/254)<br>Language Science Press

#### Dissertation

- [Feature Mismatches: Consequences for Syntax, Morphology and Semantics](/assets/docs/smith_feature_mismatches.pdf) <br> (book coming soon...)

#### Peer Reviewed

Below, click on the title of the paper for a pre-publication, but finished version.
If the paper is available open-access, that link will take you to the published version.
If the publication is *not* freely available, click the venue link to go to the published version.

- [DM and Minimalism](/assets/docs/pwsmith_dm_minimalism.pdf)<br>*To appear in The Cambridge     Handbook of Distributed Morphology*
- [Case and number suppletion in pronouns](/assets/docs/smith_et_al_case_number.pdf)<br> [Natural Language and Linguistic Theory 37(3), 1029-1101](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11049-018-9425-0), with Beata Moskal, Ting Xu, Jungmin Kang and Jonathan Bobaljik
- [Object agreement and grammatical functions: A re-evaluation](https://langsci-press.org/catalog/view/254/2088/1777-1)<br>In Smith, Mursell and Hartmann (eds.) [*Agree to Agree: Agreement in the Minimalist Programme*](https://langsci-press.org/catalog/book/254), Language Science Press.
- [The status of heads in morphology](/assets/docs/MoskalSmith-HeadsFinal.pdf)<br> with Beata Moskal, [Oxford Research Encyclopedias in Linguistics](https://oxfordre.com/linguistics/view/10.1093/acrefore/9780199384655.001.0001/acrefore-9780199384655-e-583)<br>
- [Subject and non-subject ex-situ focus in Dagbani](https://www.glossa-journal.org/articles/10.5334/gjgl.664/)<br>Glossa: A Journal of General Linguistics, 5(1), 4.
- [The syntax of semantic agreement in English](/assets/docs/smith_the_syntax_of_semantic_agreement.pdf) <br> [Journal of Linguistics 53(4), 823-863](https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022226716000360)
- [Lexical plurals in Telugu: Mass nouns in disguise](/assets/docs/smith_mass_nouns_in_disguise.pdf) <br>[Lingvisticæ Investigationes 39(2), 234-252](https://benjamins.com/#catalog/journals/li.39.2/toc)
- [Towards a theory without adjacency: Hyper-Contextual VI-rules](/assets/docs/moskal_smith_adjacency.pdf)<br>[Morphology 26(3-4), 295-312](http://link.springer.com/journal/11525/26/3/page/1), with Beata Moskal



#### Proceedings
- [Feature conflicts, feature resolution and the structure of *either...or*](/assets/docs/smith_et_al_either_or.pdf)<br>with Beata Moskal, Katharina Hartmann and Zheng Shen, The Proceedings of SinFonIJA X.
- [Pronominal suppletion: number and case](/assets/docs/smith_et_al_pronominal_suppletion.pdf)<br>with Beata Moskal, Jungmin Kang, Ting Xu and Jonathan Bobaljik, The Proceedings of NELS 45
- [Count-mass nouns, inherent number and the unmasking of an imposter](/assets/docs/smith_count_mass_nouns.pdf)<br>The Proceedings of the 50th Chicago Linguistics Society
- [On the cross-linguistic rarity of endoclisis](/assets/docs/smith_endoclisis_rarity.pdf)<br>The Proceedings of Berkeley Linguistics Society 39
- [Collective (dis)agreement: On a 3/4 pattern of British English collective NPs](/assets/docs/smith_collective_disagreement_paper.pdf)<br> [The Proceedings of ConSOLE XX](http://media.leidenuniv.nl/legacy/console20-proceedings-smith.pdf)

#### Drafts

- [Non-peripheral cliticisation in Udi and Sorani Kurdish](/assets/docs/smith_non_peripheral_cliticization.pdf)<br>N.B.: Forget what the pdf says, it's no longer under review at NLLT...
